README.md, before:

<div align="center">

# Hi there, I'm Maruti Kameshwar 👋

[![Typing SVG](https://readme-typing-svg.demolab.com?font=Inter&size=20&duration=3000&pause=1000&color=2F80ED&center=true&vCenter=true&width=500&lines=AI+%2F+ML+Engineer;Data+Scientist;LLM+%7C+RAG+%7C+MLOps+Specialist;MS+Data+Science+%40+UMD)](https://git.io/typing-svg)

</div>

---

## 👨‍💻 About Me

I'm a **Data Science graduate student** at the University of Maryland, College Park (GPA: 3.92/4.0), with a proven track record in building intelligent systems and deploying production-ready AI solutions. Previously, I worked as a **Software Engineer at Bajaj Finserv** in Pune, India, where I developed scalable data-driven applications and business intelligence solutions.

### What I Do:
- 🤖 **AI/ML Engineering:** Designing and deploying Large Language Models (LLMs), RAG pipelines, and multi-agent systems for intelligent automation
- 📊 **Statistical Modeling & Analytics:** Building advanced predictive models using regression analysis, classification algorithms, time series forecasting, ensemble methods, and Bayesian inference for data-driven decision making
- 💼 **Business Analytics & Solutions:** Developing end-to-end analytics solutions that drive business value through customer segmentation, churn prediction, revenue forecasting, and KPI optimization
- 🔍 **Data Science & Analysis:** Extracting actionable insights from complex datasets using advanced statistical techniques, exploratory data analysis, hypothesis testing, and interactive visualizations
- ⚙️ **MLOps & Automation:** Creating end-to-end ML pipelines with CI/CD, containerization, model monitoring, and cloud deployment for production-grade systems
- 🧠 **Deep Learning:** Developing CNNs for computer vision, transformer-based models for NLP, and neural networks for complex pattern recognition
- 📈 **Data Engineering:** Building robust data pipelines, ETL processes, data warehousing solutions, and scalable data architectures

### Core Competencies:
- **Machine Learning:** Supervised/Unsupervised Learning, Feature Engineering, Model Optimization, Hyperparameter Tuning, Cross-Validation, Ensemble Methods
- **Statistical Analysis:** Hypothesis Testing, A/B Testing, Time Series Analysis, Bayesian Methods, ANOVA, Regression Analysis, Multivariate Statistics
- **Business Intelligence:** Dashboard Development, KPI Tracking, Business Metrics Analysis, Predictive Analytics, Customer Analytics
- **Statistical Models:** Linear/Logistic Regression, ARIMA, SARIMA, Random Forest, XGBoost, Neural Networks, SVM, K-Means, PCA
- **AI Agents:** LangChain, LangGraph, Multi-Agent Systems, Retrieval-Augmented Generation (RAG), Prompt Engineering
- **Cloud & DevOps:** AWS (EC2, S3, Lambda, SageMaker), Docker, Kubernetes, GitHub Actions, Airflow, MLflow

---

## 🛠️ Technical Skills

### Programming Languages
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3776AB?style=flat-square&logo=python&logoColor=white)
![R](https://img.shields.io/badge/R-276DC3?style=flat-square&logo=r&logoColor=white)
![SQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/SQL-4479A1?style=flat-square&logo=mysql&logoColor=white)
![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/Java-ED8B00?style=flat-square&logo=openjdk&logoColor=white)
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=flat-square&logo=javascript&logoColor=black)

### Machine Learning & Deep Learning
![PyTorch](https://img.shields.io/badge/PyTorch-EE4C2C?style=flat-square&logo=pytorch&logoColor=white)
![TensorFlow](https://img.shields.io/badge/TensorFlow-FF6F00?style=flat-square&logo=tensorflow&logoColor=white)
![Keras](https://img.shields.io/badge/Keras-D00000?style=flat-square&logo=keras&logoColor=white)
![scikit-learn](https://img.shields.io/badge/scikit--learn-F7931E?style=flat-square&logo=scikit-learn&logoColor=white)
![XGBoost](https://img.shields.io/badge/XGBoost-337AB7?style=flat-square)
![Hugging Face](https://img.shields.io/badge/Hugging%20Face-FFD21E?style=flat-square&logo=huggingface&logoColor=black)

### Statistical Modeling & Analysis
![NumPy](https://img.shields.io/badge/NumPy-013243?style=flat-square&logo=numpy&logoColor=white)
![Pandas](https://img.shields.io/badge/Pandas-150458?style=flat-square&logo=pandas&logoColor=white)
![SciPy](https://img.shields.io/badge/SciPy-8CAAE6?style=flat-square&logo=scipy&logoColor=white)
![Statsmodels](https://img.shields.io/badge/Statsmodels-4B8BBE?style=flat-square)

### Data Visualization
![Matplotlib](https://img.shields.io/badge/Matplotlib-11557c?style=flat-square)
![Seaborn](https://img.shields.io/badge/Seaborn-3776AB?style=flat-square)
![Plotly](https://img.shields.io/badge/Plotly-3F4F75?style=flat-square&logo=plotly&logoColor=white)
![Tableau](https://img.shields.io/badge/Tableau-E97627?style=flat-square&logo=tableau&logoColor=white)

### LLM & RAG Frameworks
![LangChain](https://img.shields.io/badge/LangChain-1C3C3C?style=flat-square&logo=chainlink&logoColor=white)
![LangGraph](https://img.shields.io/badge/LangGraph-2E7D32?style=flat-square)
![LangSmith](https://img.shields.io/badge/LangSmith-00A67E?style=flat-square)
![ChromaDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/ChromaDB-FF6B6B?style=flat-square)
![FAISS](https://img.shields.io/badge/FAISS-0467DF?style=flat-square)

### Cloud & Infrastructure
![AWS](https://img.shields.io/badge/AWS-232F3E?style=flat-square&logo=amazon-aws&logoColor=white)
![AWS S3](https://img.shields.io/badge/AWS%20S3-569A31?style=flat-square&logo=amazons3&logoColor=white)
![AWS EC2](https://img.shields.io/badge/AWS%20EC2-FF9900?style=flat-square&logo=amazonec2&logoColor=white)
![AWS Lambda](https://img.shields.io/badge/AWS%20Lambda-FF9900?style=flat-square&logo=awslambda&logoColor=white)

### MLOps & DevOps
![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/Docker-2496ED?style=flat-square&logo=docker&logoColor=white)
![GitHub Actions](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub%20Actions-2088FF?style=flat-square&logo=github-actions&logoColor=white)
![MLflow](https://img.shields.io/badge/MLflow-0194E2?style=flat-square&logo=mlflow&logoColor=white)
![Airflow](https://img.shields.io/badge/Airflow-017CEE?style=flat-square&logo=apache-airflow&logoColor=white)
![DVC](https://img.shields.io/badge/DVC-13ADC7?style=flat-square&logo=dvc&logoColor=white)
![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/Git-F05032?style=flat-square&logo=git&logoColor=white)

### Databases & Big Data
![PostgreSQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/PostgreSQL-316192?style=flat-square&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white)
![MySQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/MySQL-4479A1?style=flat-square&logo=mysql&logoColor=white)
![MongoDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/MongoDB-47A248?style=flat-square&logo=mongodb&logoColor=white)
![Apache Spark](https://img.shields.io/badge/Apache%20Spark-E25A1C?style=flat-square&logo=apachespark&logoColor=white)

### Frameworks & Tools
![Spring Boot](https://img.shields.io/badge/Spring%20Boot-6DB33F?style=flat-square&logo=springboot&logoColor=white)
![FastAPI](https://img.shields.io/badge/FastAPI-009688?style=flat-square&logo=fastapi&logoColor=white)
![Flask](https://img.shields.io/badge/Flask-000000?style=flat-square&logo=flask&logoColor=white)
![Streamlit](https://img.shields.io/badge/Streamlit-FF4B4B?style=flat-square&logo=streamlit&logoColor=white)
![Jupyter](https://img.shields.io/badge/Jupyter-F37626?style=flat-square&logo=jupyter&logoColor=white)
![VS Code](https://img.shields.io/badge/VS%20Code-007ACC?style=flat-square&logo=visualstudiocode&logoColor=white)
![Postman](https://img.shields.io/badge/Postman-FF6C37?style=flat-square&logo=postman&logoColor=white)

### Business Analytics & BI Tools
![Excel](https://img.shields.io/badge/Excel-217346?style=flat-square&logo=microsoftexcel&logoColor=white)
![Power BI](https://img.shields.io/badge/Power%20BI-F2C811?style=flat-square&logo=powerbi&logoColor=black)
![Google Analytics](https://img.shields.io/badge/Google%20Analytics-E37400?style=flat-square&logo=googleanalytics&logoColor=white)

### Additional Skills
![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML5-E34F26?style=flat-square&logo=html5&logoColor=white)
![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS3-1572B6?style=flat-square&logo=css3&logoColor=white)
![Bootstrap](https://img.shields.io/badge/Bootstrap-7952B3?style=flat-square&logo=bootstrap&logoColor=white)
![REST API](https://img.shields.io/badge/REST%20API-009688?style=flat-square&logo=fastapi&logoColor=white)
![Agile](https://img.shields.io/badge/Agile-0052CC?style=flat-square&logo=jira&logoColor=white)
![JIRA](https://img.shields.io/badge/JIRA-0052CC?style=flat-square&logo=jira&logoColor=white)

---

## 🚀 Featured Projects

### 🔐 [Phishing Website Detection (MLOps Pipeline)](https://github.com/marutikameshwar/phishing-website-detection)
Architected an automated MLOps pipeline evaluating SVM, Logistic Regression, and Gradient Boosting models. Achieved **0.98 F1-score** with streamlined feature selection and robust CI/CD workflow via GitHub Actions and Docker for AWS EC2 deployment.

**Tech Stack:** `Python` `Airflow` `MLflow` `AWS` `Docker`

---

### 🤖 [Multi-Agent RAG System](https://github.com/marutikameshwar/multi-agent-rag-system-langgraph)
Orchestrated a multi-agent framework using **LangGraph** to intelligently route queries between private data and public search. Developed specialized agents for high response accuracy with ChromaDB retrieval engine and Hugging Face embeddings.

**Tech Stack:** `LangGraph` `ChromaDB` `Groq` `Hugging Face`

---

### 💬 [Natural Language SQL Agent](https://github.com/marutikameshwar/gen-ai-sql-chat)
Designed a RAG-based SQL agent via LangChain for a Student Database. Optimized query accuracy through systematic LangSmith tracing and integrated **Llama-3** (Groq) for low-latency streaming inference.

**Tech Stack:** `Llama-3` `LangChain` `LangSmith` `SQL`

---

### 🏥 [OncoCare - Medical AI Assistant](https://github.com/marutikameshwar/OncoCare)
Developed a **Gemini-powered** application using Streamlit that ingests multiple medical files (PET scans, blood reports) to generate comprehensive cancer status summaries, health reports, diet recommendations, and medication plans.

**Tech Stack:** `Python` `Gemini-Pro` `Streamlit` `Medical-AI`

---

### 🔍 [Web Research Assistant](https://github.com/marutikameshwar/web-search-with-history)
Designed an LLM-driven assistant using LangChain Agents and **Llama-3** to search across ArXiv, Wikipedia, and DuckDuckGo. Integrated real-time streaming responses, session-based chat memory, and transparent agent reasoning.

**Tech Stack:** `LangChain` `Llama-3` `Streamlit` `DuckDuckGo`

---

### 🫁 [Lung Disease Detection using CNN](https://github.com/marutikameshwar/Lung-Disease-classification-using-CNN)
Engineered a PyTorch-based CNN to classify X-ray images for Pneumonia, Tuberculosis, and COVID-19. Fine-tuned **ResNet-50** achieving **97.15% accuracy** on a 1.81 GB dataset with comprehensive preprocessing.

**Tech Stack:** `PyTorch` `ResNet-50` `CNN` `Computer Vision`

---

### 📊 [Diabetes Prediction Pipeline](https://github.com/marutikameshwar/diabeties-pred-with-dvc-mlfow-scikitlearn)
Built a reproducible end-to-end ML pipeline using **DVC** and **DagsHub** for automated diabetes predictions. Performed extensive statistical analysis and feature engineering. Tuned RandomForestClassifier via GridSearchCV achieving **0.92 accuracy**. Logged metrics and artifacts with MLflow for full traceability.

**Tech Stack:** `DVC` `MLflow` `scikit-learn` `DagsHub` `Statistical Analysis`

---

## 📊 GitHub Statistics

<div align="center">

<img src="https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=marutikameshwar&theme=tokyonight&hide_border=true" alt="GitHub Streak" />

</div>

---

<div align="center">

### 💡 *"Building intelligent systems that make a difference"*

![Profile Views](https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=marutikameshwar&color=2F80ED&style=flat-square)

</div>

Commit message:

Updated About Me to emphasize fintech solutions in Agile environment

README.md, after:

<div align="center">

# Hi there, I'm Maruti Kameshwar 👋

[![Typing SVG](https://readme-typing-svg.demolab.com?font=Inter&size=20&duration=3000&pause=1000&color=2F80ED&center=true&vCenter=true&width=500&lines=AI+%2F+ML+Engineer;Data+Scientist;LLM+%7C+RAG+%7C+MLOps+Specialist;MS+Data+Science+%40+UMD)](https://git.io/typing-svg)

</div>

---

## 👨‍💻 About Me

I'm a **Data Science graduate student** at the University of Maryland, College Park (GPA: 3.92/4.0), with a proven track record in building intelligent systems and deploying production-ready AI solutions. Previously, I worked as a **Software Engineer at Bajaj Finserv** in Pune, India, where I developed scalable fintech solutions in a collaborative Agile environment, delivering data-driven applications for financial services.

### What I Do:
- 🤖 **AI/ML Engineering:** Designing and deploying Large Language Models (LLMs), RAG pipelines, and multi-agent systems for intelligent automation
- 📊 **Statistical Modeling & Analytics:** Building advanced predictive models using regression analysis, classification algorithms, time series forecasting, ensemble methods, and Bayesian inference for data-driven decision making
- 💼 **Business Analytics & Solutions:** Developing end-to-end analytics solutions that drive business value through customer segmentation, churn prediction, revenue forecasting, and KPI optimization
- 🔍 **Data Science & Analysis:** Extracting actionable insights from complex datasets using advanced statistical techniques, exploratory data analysis, hypothesis testing, and interactive visualizations
- ⚙️ **MLOps & Automation:** Creating end-to-end ML pipelines with CI/CD, containerization, model monitoring, and cloud deployment for production-grade systems
- 🧠 **Deep Learning:** Developing CNNs for computer vision, transformer-based models for NLP, and neural networks for complex pattern recognition
- 📈 **Data Engineering:** Building robust data pipelines, ETL processes, data warehousing solutions, and scalable data architectures

### Core Competencies:
- **Machine Learning:** Supervised/Unsupervised Learning, Feature Engineering, Model Optimization, Hyperparameter Tuning, Cross-Validation, Ensemble Methods
- **Statistical Analysis:** Hypothesis Testing, A/B Testing, Time Series Analysis, Bayesian Methods, ANOVA, Regression Analysis, Multivariate Statistics
- **Business Intelligence:** Dashboard Development, KPI Tracking, Business Metrics Analysis, Predictive Analytics, Customer Analytics
- **Statistical Models:** Linear/Logistic Regression, ARIMA, SARIMA, Random Forest, XGBoost, Neural Networks, SVM, K-Means, PCA
- **AI Agents:** LangChain, LangGraph, Multi-Agent Systems, Retrieval-Augmented Generation (RAG), Prompt Engineering
- **Cloud & DevOps:** AWS (EC2, S3, Lambda, SageMaker), Docker, Kubernetes, GitHub Actions, Airflow, MLflow

---

## 🛠️ Technical Skills

### Programming Languages
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3776AB?style=flat-square&logo=python&logoColor=white)
![R](https://img.shields.io/badge/R-276DC3?style=flat-square&logo=r&logoColor=white)
![SQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/SQL-4479A1?style=flat-square&logo=mysql&logoColor=white)
![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/Java-ED8B00?style=flat-square&logo=openjdk&logoColor=white)
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=flat-square&logo=javascript&logoColor=black)

### Machine Learning & Deep Learning
![PyTorch](https://img.shields.io/badge/PyTorch-EE4C2C?style=flat-square&logo=pytorch&logoColor=white)
![TensorFlow](https://img.shields.io/badge/TensorFlow-FF6F00?style=flat-square&logo=tensorflow&logoColor=white)
![Keras](https://img.shields.io/badge/Keras-D00000?style=flat-square&logo=keras&logoColor=white)
![scikit-learn](https://img.shields.io/badge/scikit--learn-F7931E?style=flat-square&logo=scikit-learn&logoColor=white)
![XGBoost](https://img.shields.io/badge/XGBoost-337AB7?style=flat-square)
![Hugging Face](https://img.shields.io/badge/Hugging%20Face-FFD21E?style=flat-square&logo=huggingface&logoColor=black)

### Statistical Modeling & Analysis
![NumPy](https://img.shields.io/badge/NumPy-013243?style=flat-square&logo=numpy&logoColor=white)
![Pandas](https://img.shields.io/badge/Pandas-150458?style=flat-square&logo=pandas&logoColor=white)
![SciPy](https://img.shields.io/badge/SciPy-8CAAE6?style=flat-square&logo=scipy&logoColor=white)
![Statsmodels](https://img.shields.io/badge/Statsmodels-4B8BBE?style=flat-square)

### Data Visualization
![Matplotlib](https://img.shields.io/badge/Matplotlib-11557c?style=flat-square)
![Seaborn](https://img.shields.io/badge/Seaborn-3776AB?style=flat-square)
![Plotly](https://img.shields.io/badge/Plotly-3F4F75?style=flat-square&logo=plotly&logoColor=white)
![Tableau](https://img.shields.io/badge/Tableau-E97627?style=flat-square&logo=tableau&logoColor=white)

### LLM & RAG Frameworks
![LangChain](https://img.shields.io/badge/LangChain-1C3C3C?style=flat-square&logo=chainlink&logoColor=white)
![LangGraph](https://img.shields.io/badge/LangGraph-2E7D32?style=flat-square)
![LangSmith](https://img.shields.io/badge/LangSmith-00A67E?style=flat-square)
![ChromaDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/ChromaDB-FF6B6B?style=flat-square)
![FAISS](https://img.shields.io/badge/FAISS-0467DF?style=flat-square)

### Cloud & Infrastructure
![AWS](https://img.shields.io/badge/AWS-232F3E?style=flat-square&logo=amazon-aws&logoColor=white)
![AWS S3](https://img.shields.io/badge/AWS%20S3-569A31?style=flat-square&logo=amazons3&logoColor=white)
![AWS EC2](https://img.shields.io/badge/AWS%20EC2-FF9900?style=flat-square&logo=amazonec2&logoColor=white)
![AWS Lambda](https://img.shields.io/badge/AWS%20Lambda-FF9900?style=flat-square&logo=awslambda&logoColor=white)

### MLOps & DevOps
![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/Docker-2496ED?style=flat-square&logo=docker&logoColor=white)
![GitHub Actions](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub%20Actions-2088FF?style=flat-square&logo=github-actions&logoColor=white)
![MLflow](https://img.shields.io/badge/MLflow-0194E2?style=flat-square&logo=mlflow&logoColor=white)
![Airflow](https://img.shields.io/badge/Airflow-017CEE?style=flat-square&logo=apache-airflow&logoColor=white)
![DVC](https://img.shields.io/badge/DVC-13ADC7?style=flat-square&logo=dvc&logoColor=white)
![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/Git-F05032?style=flat-square&logo=git&logoColor=white)

### Databases & Big Data
![PostgreSQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/PostgreSQL-316192?style=flat-square&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white)
![MySQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/MySQL-4479A1?style=flat-square&logo=mysql&logoColor=white)
![MongoDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/MongoDB-47A248?style=flat-square&logo=mongodb&logoColor=white)
![Apache Spark](https://img.shields.io/badge/Apache%20Spark-E25A1C?style=flat-square&logo=apachespark&logoColor=white)

### Frameworks & Tools
![Spring Boot](https://img.shields.io/badge/Spring%20Boot-6DB33F?style=flat-square&logo=springboot&logoColor=white)
![FastAPI](https://img.shields.io/badge/FastAPI-009688?style=flat-square&logo=fastapi&logoColor=white)
![Flask](https://img.shields.io/badge/Flask-000000?style=flat-square&logo=flask&logoColor=white)
![Streamlit](https://img.shields.io/badge/Streamlit-FF4B4B?style=flat-square&logo=streamlit&logoColor=white)
![Jupyter](https://img.shields.io/badge/Jupyter-F37626?style=flat-square&logo=jupyter&logoColor=white)
![VS Code](https://img.shields.io/badge/VS%20Code-007ACC?style=flat-square&logo=visualstudiocode&logoColor=white)
![Postman](https://img.shields.io/badge/Postman-FF6C37?style=flat-square&logo=postman&logoColor=white)

### Business Analytics & BI Tools
![Excel](https://img.shields.io/badge/Excel-217346?style=flat-square&logo=microsoftexcel&logoColor=white)
![Power BI](https://img.shields.io/badge/Power%20BI-F2C811?style=flat-square&logo=powerbi&logoColor=black)
![Google Analytics](https://img.shields.io/badge/Google%20Analytics-E37400?style=flat-square&logo=googleanalytics&logoColor=white)

### Additional Skills
![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML5-E34F26?style=flat-square&logo=html5&logoColor=white)
![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS3-1572B6?style=flat-square&logo=css3&logoColor=white)
![Bootstrap](https://img.shields.io/badge/Bootstrap-7952B3?style=flat-square&logo=bootstrap&logoColor=white)
![REST API](https://img.shields.io/badge/REST%20API-009688?style=flat-square&logo=fastapi&logoColor=white)
![Agile](https://img.shields.io/badge/Agile-0052CC?style=flat-square&logo=jira&logoColor=white)
![JIRA](https://img.shields.io/badge/JIRA-0052CC?style=flat-square&logo=jira&logoColor=white)

---

## 🚀 Featured Projects

### 🔐 [Phishing Website Detection (MLOps Pipeline)](https://github.com/marutikameshwar/phishing-website-detection)
Architected an automated MLOps pipeline evaluating SVM, Logistic Regression, and Gradient Boosting models. Achieved **0.98 F1-score** with streamlined feature selection and robust CI/CD workflow via GitHub Actions and Docker for AWS EC2 deployment.

**Tech Stack:** `Python` `Airflow` `MLflow` `AWS` `Docker`

---

### 🤖 [Multi-Agent RAG System](https://github.com/marutikameshwar/multi-agent-rag-system-langgraph)
Orchestrated a multi-agent framework using **LangGraph** to intelligently route queries between private data and public search. Developed specialized agents for high response accuracy with ChromaDB retrieval engine and Hugging Face embeddings.

**Tech Stack:** `LangGraph` `ChromaDB` `Groq` `Hugging Face`

---

### 💬 [Natural Language SQL Agent](https://github.com/marutikameshwar/gen-ai-sql-chat)
Designed a RAG-based SQL agent via LangChain for a Student Database. Optimized query accuracy through systematic LangSmith tracing and integrated **Llama-3** (Groq) for low-latency streaming inference.

**Tech Stack:** `Llama-3` `LangChain` `LangSmith` `SQL`

---

### 🏥 [OncoCare - Medical AI Assistant](https://github.com/marutikameshwar/OncoCare)
Developed a **Gemini-powered** application using Streamlit that ingests multiple medical files (PET scans, blood reports) to generate comprehensive cancer status summaries, health reports, diet recommendations, and medication plans.

**Tech Stack:** `Python` `Gemini-Pro` `Streamlit` `Medical-AI`

---

### 🔍 [Web Research Assistant](https://github.com/marutikameshwar/web-search-with-history)
Designed an LLM-driven assistant using LangChain Agents and **Llama-3** to search across ArXiv, Wikipedia, and DuckDuckGo. Integrated real-time streaming responses, session-based chat memory, and transparent agent reasoning.

**Tech Stack:** `LangChain` `Llama-3` `Streamlit` `DuckDuckGo`

---

### 🫁 [Lung Disease Detection using CNN](https://github.com/marutikameshwar/Lung-Disease-classification-using-CNN)
Engineered a PyTorch-based CNN to classify X-ray images for Pneumonia, Tuberculosis, and COVID-19. Fine-tuned **ResNet-50** achieving **97.15% accuracy** on a 1.81 GB dataset with comprehensive preprocessing.

**Tech Stack:** `PyTorch` `ResNet-50` `CNN` `Computer Vision`

---

### 📊 [Diabetes Prediction Pipeline](https://github.com/marutikameshwar/diabeties-pred-with-dvc-mlfow-scikitlearn)
Built a reproducible end-to-end ML pipeline using **DVC** and **DagsHub** for automated diabetes predictions. Performed extensive statistical analysis and feature engineering. Tuned RandomForestClassifier via GridSearchCV achieving **0.92 accuracy**. Logged metrics and artifacts with MLflow for full traceability.

**Tech Stack:** `DVC` `MLflow` `scikit-learn` `DagsHub` `Statistical Analysis`

---

## 📊 GitHub Statistics

<div align="center">

<img src="https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=marutikameshwar&theme=tokyonight&hide_border=true" alt="GitHub Streak" />

</div>

---

<div align="center">

### 💡 *"Building intelligent systems that make a difference"*

![Profile Views](https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=marutikameshwar&color=2F80ED&style=flat-square)

</div>
